Great, the village chief is now down
We will be in the village in the future
No one bullies us anymore
This is all thanks to Ye Xian
Ye Xian, you are amazing
It's all because Zhao Xueliang is too greedy
Otherwise
He can't be ruined
He's just a pawn
He Xiaoze behind him
Must come out
Otherwise, it will be our hearts
Master's plan failed
What!
The village chief of Shanshui Village not only failed to take down Ye Xian
He also lost his Mushang hat by Ye Xian's anti-routine
Waste is waste
Well, it seems to be less
Do it yourself first
Get me a car now
I'm going to headspace media
Yo Ershao
Which fragrance is blowing
Naturally, it is the spring breeze of cooperation.
What cooperation?
I want to acquire your peak
That's not possible.
He Shangqing
I can't get what He Xiaoze wants.
If you don't agree
Then wait for it to go bankrupt with Summit Media